>> Kadi Kraman: And a final topic around
navigation is nesting navigation.
So in native land, you can nest
navigators pretty much infinitely.
So a stack within a tab, or a stack within
a stack, or a stack within a modal,
or a stack within a stack, within a stack,
you can pretty much go infinitely.
So to convert a screen into a stack,
the process differs whether the screen is
a named screen like your home screen or
idea screen, or
whether it's an index screen.
But regardless, we're going to
convert the file into a folder and
then make it the index
screen of that folder.
So, we're gonna have
a stack in our counter tab.
So this will be a stack navigator
inside of a stack navigator,
and we're going to add a screen for
the history here.
So to do this,
>> Kadi Kraman: So
this is the screen that we
want to convert into a stack.
So in our after-actors,
create a new folder and call it counter.
And move our counter file into
our folder and rename it index.
So notice that the screen path, the href,
the url didn't change because it used
to be called counter and now the screen
is the index file of the counter folder so
it's still called counter.
>> Kadi Kraman: All right, so now.
>> Kadi Kraman: We need to
add a layout file here.
So let's, in our counter folder,
let's do _layout.
>> Kadi Kraman: And
by default, let's do a stack.
So export default layout.
Export default function layout.
>> Kadi Kraman: And we'll return a stack,
which is imported from Expo Router,
and we'll have a, this is the name,
and we're doing Stack.Screen
[LAUGH] name="index", lovely.
>> Kadi Kraman: So go to counter, okay,
so this is something that you will
often have when your nest navigators,
you end up with two navigation headers.
And the way to deal with it is that
you hide the one that you don't need.
So in our case, let's do an options,
let's give it a title counter.
>> Kadi Kraman: Okay, so now we have two
headers that are called counter, but
which one do we hide?
So in this case,
we actually want to hide the outer one,
so the one that we defined first.
The reason being is that we're going to
have two screens in this inner stack and
we want to show the header
of the inner stack screen,
so we want to hide the outer one.
So in our root layout
let's go to counter and
do headerShown: false.
>> Kadi Kraman: And now we have
our single header, all right, and
the last thing we need is to
actually be able to navigate to it.
So with the react navigation,
we can use header buttons,
which is quite a convenient way
to navigate between screens.
So in our layout file,
the counter layout file,
let's do a header, right.
>> Kadi Kraman: And
this will be a function.
>> Kadi Kraman: Let's return some text.
This is always a good thing to do.
See the things are rendering.
>> Kadi Kraman: There you go.
So this is where this icon or button or
whatever you want is
going to get rendered.
So to the right of the header.
So in this case, I think it will be
handy to use an icon button once more.
So let's choose another one.
>> Kadi Kraman: Let's do the history.
>> Kadi Kraman: What is
a good history icon?
Can't remember which one I use now,
maybe this one.
>> Kadi Kraman: Yeah, well, it doesn't
really matter which one you use, but
I'm gonna use.
I want to use the same that I did
in the example, so let me see.
I'll use material icons, history.
I'm just gonna copy it from here for
a bit of consistency.
All right, and then let's
render this material icons,
and it's called history.
Size is do 32 and color,
let's make it a gray color.
>> Kadi Kraman: Lovely.
And now we want to use a link.
So this is the link from Expo Router.
And let's do href, and
we want to link to, so what's the screen?
So we want to link to our history
screen that I'm not added yet.
Let's add a history screen.
So, we need a new file call history.tsx.
>> Kadi Kraman: All right, and I'm gonna
copy the contents of the idea file because
it's just gonna be a placeholder again.
So call this a history.
>> Kadi Kraman: Lovely, okay.
>> Kadi Kraman: Again, so
we wanna link to this screen.
So the apple is in count, so
it will be /counter/history.
So here we'll do counter/history.
Okay, and now when I click it,
we can navigate.
But one thing that's a little bit
annoying here is like this button
is actually quite small, so
you have to tap right on the button.
And this is not great UX, you want to
kind of increase the touchable area so
butter fingered people like me who
are just approximately pressing the button
could also press it accurately, and
if we actually wrap this in a pressable.
>> Kadi Kraman: Here you go.
We can use this thing called hitSlop,
so it's hitSlop.
And it basically defines an area around
the pressable area which also triggers
the press.
So let's do 20.
And this actually won't work
because if you parse in
a component inside the Expo Router link,
you also need to mark it as child.
There we go, so now this works.
And notice that I can actually press next
to the icon now, and it will still open.
So instead of having
to press right on top.
So this is a great UX thing.
If you're ever using icon buttons
that don't have a defined border,
this is a great thing to do for UX.